# Share Buybacks and Gender Diversity
*Theodoros Evgeniou and Theo Vermaelen*

We find that board gender diversity increases the likelihood that firms announce a buyback but long-term excess returns are significantly smaller when there is larger female representation on the board. This is consistent with the governance hypothesis:  gender diversity makes it more likely that firms buy back stock to reduce agency costs of free cash flow. But because gender diversity improves the quality of public information disclosure repurchases are less driven by market timing. Moreover, when the quality of monitoring is lower because board members sit on many other boards, long-term excess returns are larger. 

The paper is [available here](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2814042)

<hr>


### Code

The paper is generated by sourcing file **Manuscript.Rnw**. Please start from that file to trace the paths to all code files used. 

In order to generate the paper (and source the file board_diversity.Rnw) you need to first generate all data based on the raw data from [WRDS](https://wrds-web.wharton.upenn.edu). As we cannot make the WRDS data public (e.g. from CRSP, [Thomson/Reuters SDC](http://thomsonreuters.com/en/products-services/financial/market-data/sdc-platinum.html),  and other data sources), it is not possible to generate the pdf report after only downloading/forking all files in this repository - at this stage. Only some of the code is available - other is available upon request. The helper functions and code that constructs are datasets used are available upon request. 
